Add clarifications to “lexical declaration before init” doc (#8174)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/errors/cant_access_lexical_declaration_before_init/index.md

### Invalid cases

In this case, the variable "foo" is accessed, even before it is declared which throws an reference error ( because variables declared using `let/const` are not [hoisted](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Hoisting) ).

```js example-bad
function test() {

>   //Accessing the variable foo before it's declared 
> 
>   console.log(foo);     // ReferenceError: can't access lexical
>   let foo = 33;         // foo is declared here using let keyword
>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Accessing the variable foo before it's declared 

  console.log(foo);     // ReferenceError: can't access lexical
  let foo = 33;         // 'foo' is declared here using the 'let' keyword
   
```

}
test();
```

### Valid cases

> But, in this case we already declared a variable using `let` keyword before accessing it, so we encounter no error. Also, notice how we are accessing "bar" variable (declared using `var` keyword), even before it is declared (returns undefined) without encountering any error that's because of [hoisted](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Hoisting) nature of `var` variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, we correctly declare a variable using the `let` keyword before accessing it, so we encounter no error. And in contrast, notice how we are accessing the `bar` variable even before it is declared — without encountering any error. That's because of the [hoisted](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Hoisting) nature of `var` variables.
```
